huh How are we supposed to do this?
How we doing? wait
Brett, I like struggled. Wait, I enjoyed it.
I'd go in and then I wouldn't do anything.
Just listen.
Like, like you take out your...***
***
ohh
Huh ha
It's unblocked
What, like AliExpress? Or like Amazon?
mmm...
yes
Oh, are you on a Chromebook? Oh, you don't have Chromebook?
mm?
mmm..
Like you don't watch movies, yeah?
for it, doesn't she make you watch that?
Only one? We watched so many.
ah
huh oh yeah, we watched like, wait we watch
Five movies. Five movies?
That was so fun. It was like 9-11.
Oh
You didn't watch Pearl Harker?
Oh, that's so, also, there's not the Korean version.
mmm...
World War 2 is going to be fast.
yeah, people said ***
I feel like the hardest part is like...
Religion? No..
Yeah. Cuz there's a lot of them.
yeah yeah
Yes, you done. You're gonna have
***
Yeah, you can guess. So you don't even move it. Because they're like hard to read.
Do you memorize all the gestures? Oh.
Ohh, okay
It's good
***worst teacher?
But she's our worst teacher
I feel like I hated her when I was
I hated her
Yeah, I wish I had those things.
Oh yeah. Do you know
Has she ever made you like your entire test like that?
One choice, one answer choice.
Like, for caustic, she made, she made one test all to that.
She made one one test all D, so it was multiple choice all D.
And then just has reversed that, no, right
you
Okay, but like
I don't know. Because Carlson found out people were cheating.
I think she did that as a curveball.
Huh. So maybe Hernandez which is possible
But, correct.
Are you doing like or seminar.
Well, as far as that's concerned,
yeah
ohhh
Oh, next year you're gonna need to do a whole paper
Oh really?
mm